what to expect in writing task 2 you
will have to write an essay about a
topic you will have 40 minutes to
complete this task and you must write a
minimum of 250 words you will lose marks
for writing less than 250 words but you
won't lose marks for writing more right
on topic you should read the task
carefully to make sure you answer the
question appropriately for example if
the essay topic is about a particular
aspect of education then you need to
write about that particular aspect and
not about education in general you will
also be penalized for writing an answer
that is off-topic or that has been
memorized or copied score this task
counts for double the score of writing
task 1 so if you don't answer the
question well or you don't finish in
time you will score poorly this task
assesses your ability to develop an
argument to present the argument clearly
in a well-organized way using evidence
to support your ideas and accurate
language to express yourself assessment
overview task 2 is assessed in four ways
appropriate response organization
vocabulary and grammar let's look at
each of these individually appropriate
response this means that you answer the
question appropriately you took a clear
position on the topic you supported your
position with appropriate evidence and
you wrote at least 250 words
organization
this means that your ideas are logically
organized your ideas are logically
developed and your ideas are clearly
understood you have also used linking
words correctly to connect your ideas
vocabulary this means you used
vocabulary accurately and appropriately
it also means you use a range of
vocabulary and you used correct spelling
grammar this means you didn't make
grammatical mistakes
it means you used a variety of accurate
sentence structures and used correct
punctuation summary in this lesson we
looked at writing tasks - this is an
essay we'll have 40 minutes to answer an
essay question you must write at least
250 words you'll be assessed on
appropriate response organization
vocabulary and grammar after this lesson
there's a methods lesson be sure to
watch that for a more detailed
explanation writing tasks - as it will
tell you how to do the writing task
successfully thanks for watching